.TH FSTRANSFORM "8" "" "fstransform" "System Administration Utilities"
.SH NAME
fstransform \- manual page for fstransform
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fstransform
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... \fI\,DEVICE NEW-FILE-SYSTEM-TYPE\/\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Transform file system inside DEVICE to NEW\-FILE\-SYSTEM\-TYPE,
preserving its contents and without need for backup
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-cmd\-CMD\-NAME\fR=\fI\,CMD\-PATH\/\fR
set external command CMD\-NAME to use.
default: autodetect
.HP
\fB\-\-force\-untested\-file\-systems\fR also transform untested file systems (DANGEROUS)
.TP
\fB\-\-list\-source\-file\-systems\fR
list file systems supported as source and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-list\-target\-file\-systems\fR
list file systems supported as target and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-loop\-file\fR=\fI\,LOOP\-FILE\/\fR
override loop\-file path
.TP
\fB\-\-loop\-mount\-point\fR=\fI\,PATH\/\fR
override loop\-file mount point
.TP
\fB\-\-new\-size\fR=\fI\,SIZE\/\fR
set new file system length. default: device length
.TP
\fB\-\-current\-fstype\fR=\fI\,OLD\-TYPE\/\fR
override current (old) file system type autodetection
required for 'ntfs' file system
.TP
\fB\-\-opts\-fsmove\fR=\fI\,OPTS\/\fR
pass OPTS as additional options to 'fsmove'
.TP
\fB\-\-opts\-fsremap\fR=\fI\,OPTS\/\fR
pass OPTS as additional options to 'fsremap'
.TP
\fB\-\-opts\-mkfs\fR=\fI\,OPTS\/\fR
pass OPTS as options to 'mkfs'. default: '\-q'
.TP
\fB\-\-opts\-fsck\-source\fR=\fI\,OPTS\/\fR
override 'fsck' options for old file system. default: '\-p \fB\-f\fR'
.TP
\fB\-\-opts\-fsck\-target\fR=\fI\,OPTS\/\fR
override 'fsck' options for new file system. default: '\-p \fB\-f\fR'
.TP
\fB\-\-show\-time[\fR=\fI\,yes\/\fR|=no]
show current time before each message. default: yes
.TP
\fB\-\-prealloc[\fR=\fI\,yes\/\fR|no]
use EXPERIMENTAL files preallocation. default: no
.HP
\fB\-\-questions\fR=\fI\,[yes\/\fR|no|on\-error] whether to ask questions interactively. default: on\-error
.TP
\fB\-\-reversible[\fR=\fI\,yes\/\fR|no]
create zero\-file, fsremap will do a reversible transformation
default: no
.TP
\fB\-\-x\-OPTION\fR=\fI\,VALUE\/\fR
set internal, undocumented option. For maintainers only.
.TP
\fB\-\-zero\-file\fR=\fI\,ZERO\-FILE\/\fR
override zero\-file path
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
output version information and exit
